FEMALE SPEAKER: [INAUDIBLE],
take two, marker.
ROB DODSON: Hey, Polycasters.
What's up?
Rob here.
Welcome back to another
episode of #AskPolymer.
This is a little
segment that we do,
where you send in
questions on G+ or Twitter,
and I do my best to answer them.
OK, our first question comes
from Wheatley, who asks,
is it possible to use
Sass with Polymer?
And if so, what's the best
way to go about doing that?
So there's are really
two things to think about
if you want to use
Sass with Polymer.
The first is that Sass needs
to know about Polymer's custom
property and CSS mixin syntax.
The other is that, for
using external style sheets
or something like
that, you're going
to need to bundle everything
into a style module.
Now, for that first point,
mixins and custom properties,
there is a master bug in Sass
tracking support for this.
So you can check that
out over here, right?
Recently, Sass added support
for custom properties.
But if you want to
use mixins, you're
going to need to escape
the mixin code using
a little bit of Sass syntax.
As for wrapping things
in style modules,
there's a tool that our
teammate Eric Bidelman
created called Polystyles.
I will leave a link to that
down in the show notes.
So you can use that with an
external CSS file, bundle
it all up into a style
module that Polymer
knows how to work with.
And that way, you can use
Sass and style modules
in your application.
So thank you, Wheatley,
for that question.
So our next question comes
from George, who was wondering,
do you recommend
putting every element
inside of your
elements.html file,
or do you put your elements
inside of other elements?
So I'm assuming,
George, that you're
using the Polymer Starter Kit
application boilerplate thing.
So that actually comes with
a little elements.html file,
where we put a whole bunch
of element definitions
that we end up importing
into our index file.
So basically what
you want to do is,
if you are creating
your own element,
that element should
always list all the things
that it depends on as imports
at the top of its file.
So if you're creating an element
that depends on paper-button
or something like that,
the import for paper-button
should be right at the top
of your elements definition.
Now, if you're then using that
element in your index file,
then, yeah, sure,
put that element
that you just defined
in elements.html.
HTML But you don't need to
put all of its dependencies
in elements.html as well.
Really, you can think
of elements.html
as all the things that the index
file depends on, basically.
So, yeah, elements, they
import their dependencies.
Anything that you're
using in your index file,
that can go into elements.html.
Hope that sort of clears
things up a little bit
for you, George.
All right, our
next question comes
from Jesse, who was
wondering, when are we going
to get a Datagrid in Polymer?
So that's a good question.
Right now, the
Polymer team is not
planning to ship a
bunch of new elements.
We're working on
a few things kind
of related to framework
stuff, like a router, stuff
working with the URL.
But we're not planning to ship
a bunch of new UI elements.
Instead, I think
what we'd really
like to do in 2016 is
see more elements coming
from the community.
And we want to do our best
to promote those elements,
because there's a
lot of good stuff
that's being built
out there right now,
but maybe everybody
doesn't know about it.
If you aren't familiar
with it, there's
a website called
CustomElements.io.
I will link to that over here.
And this is basically
like-- it's kind
of like MPM for Web Components.
You can go there.
You can just start typing
in what you're looking for.
And there's a bunch of things
that folks in the community
have just created
and published there.
And so yeah, what
we'd like to do
is we'd like to promote some of
the data grids, some of the UI
components that are
out there already.
There's one really good one
by a team called Vaadin.
I think it's just called
Vaaid Datagrid, perhaps.
You can find it on that website.
And for those you out
there who are thinking
about building
some stuff, you're
thinking about sharing it,
share it on CustomElements.io,
and then ping me on Twitter.
And we can try and promote it
and get more people involved
in the ecosystem.
So thank you, Jesse,
for that question.
Our next question comes
from Zikes, who asks,
what are the biggest
barriers to adoption today?
And what's on the horizon
to overcome those barriers?
So I think over the last
year, the hardest was just
making sure the components
work well across a browser
and that they were performant.
I feel like we're
starting to get
to a really good place with
Polymer, where those things
have kind of settled down.
Where it's still
tough today, though,
is taking a bunch of components
and knitting them together
into an application.
We're sort of missing the
framework pieces, if you will.
And so what we're going
to work on this year
is rolling out an
improved router.
We're going to work on some
stuff around data bindings
and improve data flow through
your application, some design
patterns that you can use so you
can figure out how to architect
the whole thing together.
And yeah, I think
right now that's
still probably the biggest
barrier and stuff that we're
going to be tackling this year
and rolling out and hopefully
improving the story there.
So thank you, Zikes,
for that question.
OK, the last question
comes from Dan,
who asks, how can
a developer using
Polymer contribute the most
to the Polymer project?
So there's a couple
ways that I think
you can go about doing that.
The first is go check
out some of our projects,
like Polymer Starter
Kit, where we already
have a ton of active
community involvement.
And look through
the issue tracker.
Find a bug that looks like maybe
it's something you could work,
maybe something nobody's
working on just yet.
Leave a comment
and be like, hey,
can I try and tackle this bug?
And once you do, send
us a pull request.
And we'll even work
with you to try
and-- if you've never done
a pull request before,
we'll work with you to
set that up and walk you
through the process.
That stuff is super helpful.
You can do that on Polymer.
You can do that on the
element repos, too.
If you find an element,
there's a bug in it,
rather than just
filing an issue,
see if you can get in
there and try and fix it.
Also, if you're building stuff,
share it with the community.
I mentioned earlier there's
this site, CustomElements.io.
I'm going to leave the link
down in the show notes.
But we're really trying
to get more people
building components,
more people sharing
them there so we can all
benefit from each other's work.
So those are the two big
areas that I can think of.
Pitch in on some
of these things.
Send us a pull
request if you can.
And also, share the stuff
that you're building.
Get it out there.
Get some other people using it.
And that way, we can just
grow the whole ecosystem.
So thank you, Dan, for
sending in that question.
All right, so thank you for
all of those awesome questions.
If you out there, if you
have some questions that you
want us to answer, just
leave them down below
in the comments.
Or you can ping us on a social
network of your choosing
at #AskPolymer.
As always, thank you
so much for watching.
And I'll see you next time.
So I think over the
past year or two,
where most people "struggerled"
was just getting-- what?
[BLEEP].
I know I said "struggerled."
MALE SPEAKER: You
want some water?
ROB DODSON: No, no, no.
I'm fine.
I just struggled as
I am struggling now.
Words.
They hard to speak.